British English Academy.
A1 listening activity.
Course: A1 Starter English.
Module 3: Food, Shopping and Simple Requests.
Lesson 4: Food, Shopping and Simple Requests: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen slowly. Repeat each short sentence.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can name, identify, ask and answer basic questions in a listening task about places.
Today you will practise language connected to places.
Target language: singular/plural nouns.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for food, shopping and simple requests. You will learn useful language connected to places and practise singular/plural nouns. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A1 level.